hello people welcome to my new
video blog
we believe
cham
today again with a few buddies
on the way from the bike riders potsdam
we are just so they are driving from
spreewald ring
was not himself on the race track
So today one may only with
drive license
since we do not have the hall all the way to the hall
gokart also races and races
innovative and has well as z
last nice weekend will be
probably this year and the
speedy round this time so you wonder
not if cut a bit more
is as usual maybe because if you
then so soon after
highway then and then the
Wind noise starter
small pay between and not what to
say
from current occasion for me I have
I still thought a subject thought
and indeed
you have probably heard of
kawasaki the new one
with a small machine pair of plastic
logic or something
respectively the new yamaha r1 as
not that either the same two
but could compare so much
new rumored to have 230 ps
could then be and whether the video screen
outside is when the odds are the sun
to be presented on the third of november
I do not know now but about sense and
to talk about so much ps
should be my topic
The chamber should do this without
street admission that has only one
race track for the purpose is just stop
only and should also be with
get out of the street
I had a picture
in the report
Trailer for the new camera
for the new 1
I am happy if I have a look
important
the country must give up
back home interest as the baptisms
Of course, so money is missing
unfortunately happened
the judges
yes but I'm interested in the stop
because yamaha fan is superior anyway
Of course I am interested in the
insight
just do what it looks like and what
the player should have pulled
or will have because
that applies to a little bit
like ahlers and lcd screen for
first trailer you can see that from him
since 230 hp and hamburg people under the
videos posted under this link yes
no man and cattle need too much and
I'm not sure about that
ausrichen so the appeal but how
For me, this is the first one here
machine at the beginners
only with the usual directly linked
experience or focus here
must be like here where it is wet
and then concentrate ferry difficult
at least he once did that for me
first machine really have the feeling
yes that has the power that need the
These are the dots that keep me coming back
Surprised he demands that
I always pulled at 130
and on the helmet
otherwise I have never parted there
at the speed triple they are really
much the 142 ps I always
feeling
harms and his singapore
that 's my topic today
200 ps plus
or nonsense
sure is unreasonable
no question
under the dash so many motorcycle was
are reasonable because
He certainly would not have me once
say then you drive car or train
or drive an electric car
He escapes
that for the laity ours
for the other one
drive safe for the other meaningful
one of my parents
therefore
should one with a bit
full of land yes I do not like it
the mark
anyway
made fault
so far be tolerant people
a harley fan wants to do that
if you
or what ever
Two of these three wheels as well
my
I was so happy folk wine my flesh
yamana ddp
do not leave
but that's okay too
that lead to it
the head of the days that happened
getting together
a little punk
You will find here
nice action
where he was
apa
that weighs the train already
e
the tour